[17.0][MIG] l10n_jp_address_layout: Migration to 17.0 (#47)
OCA/l10n-japan: l10n_jp_address_layout/readme/USAGE.md

> The address layout of the partner form will look as shown in below
> image.

Reviewer: Can we take this chance to slightly improve the description?
```suggestion
The address layout of the partner form will appear as shown in the image below when
your company's country is set to Japan.
```

Author: I have fixed the code with the commit "[MIG] l10n_jp_address_layout: Migration to 17.0".
